Seminar Notes Week 4
Brieanna Benson

1.  I know that Microsoft Word's headers are flexable, visually.  
I am visually impaired so being able to adjust the rich text and 
design appealing formats certainly aids my ability to see.  
However, it was not apparent whether or not audio functions exist 
for those that cannot see at all.

2. Most certainly!  Without accessibility, how will those in need 
be able to navigate and find what they want out of a web page or 
application.  Everything must be organized in a clear fashion, 
with clear, simple instructions of how to obtain certain access 
privilages.  Even with accessibility, one still has to consider 
whether the person in question is actually willing to be serious 
about their needs.  A level of restrictiveness must remain for 
security purposes, but it can't be too unreachable.  What effort 
goes in, must come out almost the same.

3. The legal requirments are vague only because they vary so much 
from place to place, organization to organization, and government 
department to department.  For example, the definition of a comfort 
animal was a point of contension in part of the first paper.  ADA 
requires "service" animals to be trained, whereas a comfort animal 
is far from.  From a glance, to a normal reader, these technicalities 
are vague at best.  They have been defined, but not in a clear and 
accessable way for the average Joe to interpret.  For people with 
certain learning disabilities, this vagueness is compounded to 
large confusion without easily accessable sources.

4. When a service page is not accessible, it is as if the person in 
need didn't have a resource at all.  If the service rules and benefits
are vague, indirect, or simply not noticable on the page's left hand bar 
list for example, the disabled person will not understand their rights 
or what accomedations they qualify for.  Simple priorities like alternate
forms of information display, whether a mouse has to click a precise spot, 
and labels are just a few accessibility priorities to pay attention to
when designing a web page or virtual source.

5. 
